refactor: Standardise `ClientReady` event (#1528)
discordjs/guide: guide/creating-your-bot/main-file.md

const client = new Client({ intents: [GatewayIntentBits.Guilds] });

// When the client is ready, run this code (only once)

> // We use 'readyClient' for the event parameter to keep it separate from the already defined 'client'
> // This is important for TypeScript developers as the parameter will be a client that is ready
> // with some properties being non-nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The distinction between `client: Client<boolean>` and `readyClient: Client<true>` is important for TypeScript Developers.
// It makes some properties non-nullable.
```
I think i prefer more concise wording here, while adding some verbosity about the specific types.
